hello everybody this is aaron Johnny
three tiers on her spirit they don't
call me and today I'm using one of my
favorite albums ever swamp songs by
hollywood undead helluva des on my
favorite bands like number one if I'd
like a top five list listen to him
around when I was 11 years old and they
just quit changed my life as you can see
I'm wearing my bandana which I've made a
mask yet but it just would have for now
um but yeah great albums to be the track
listing there's no featuring ours found
this if you didn't don't don't know much
about this band uh Undead I'm from top
to bottom undead sell your soul
everywhere I go no other place number
five young black dahlia this love this
hate ballin a gun California city diary
pimpin paradise lost 14 tracks and all
these tracks are given your own special
way there are some ones that felt that
word not as good as others of course
like a stuff like this love the st.
earth pimpin um that was good as songs
like black dahlia her undead or falling
again but still really good songs I'm a
fan of every single song on this um this
is that first debut album came out in
2008 its back my deuce in the band who
was replaced he left for a solo career
and they're placed them with Danny from
American Idol um yeah so you can glare
see their masks
there's a curls Charlie seen Johnny
three tiers deuce J dog and funny man
and I felt that I wanted to do these I'm
going to be putting up American tragedy
soon because they're having a new album
come out next January or this January
with it how everyone see it called notes
from the underground and then we have
two songs from it dead by and we are I
like both songs surprisingly so yeah so
it's from the review these open just
broke I've had this for a long time um
there's be I don't the CD but as you see
it's all room right show you that so um
yeah if you're saying I totally hip hop
rap album but it's a lot of rap or
hip-hop with rock elements some very
Rafi songs are I'm dead sell your soul
and headaches lost so sorry I Keshawn
apart so yeah if you're a fan that kind
of music how to suggest you check out
this album I've it's running in the
background if you can hear it right now
so yes on my favorites me I'm um undead
bottle and a gun uh everywhere I go m
and city
big misconceptions you don't think songs
like circles or crushed up I'll
Christmas and Hollywood are on these
songs and they aren't those are released
as like these sides after this so but
still great album give a 9.5 it's in the
pros being that it spoke to me in a very
good level and might take you in a very
good level the cons being um I'm not
really sure I guess there weren't as
many of the members mostly a lot of its
johnny is a lot of John through tears in
it but they're a lot more grade on this
and they are the next album Eric and
tragedy but yeah not that many cons an
extra tracks he would have been nice but
you know like dead in ditches but this
other word faggot too much that song so
they decided to include on there but
great album check it out um I got this
at Hastings about I want to sell most a
year back almost a year but around that
by happy here so yeah I'm getting hot as
balls and spend and right now it's been
stuck in this room so I'm in the review
9.5 a highly recommend checking salad
mouth if you're a fan of bands like dead
celebrity status or cedar or Ethan bet
slip knot so yeah check it out really
good rapper off hab and uh so next time